As such it begins, the convoluted rythm of time began advancing at a rapid pace. Normal beings however could not understand this concept (yet). The time existed solely because it had to. It had no own will or intentions. It simply happened, by accident, one could say, that time created the most twisted place in the universe. This place was Fruk0stklubben. As it was, no one ever anticipated the extent of the vile, disgusting, filthy, abominable, repugnant, revolting heap of scum it would attract. No one that joined, no matter how innocent or naive could escape the reach of the message of the Brotherhood of the Fast Breaking. The message, obscure and hard to grasp though it was, would penetrate the hardest of minds and plant its seeds of evil in the wombs of the innocent. So what did it entail? Wherefore does such an association find its way into the every times and every places of the common people? The answer is: the funy. The funy, many qualities as it has, possesses the ways of which to completely encompass the mind in a state of endorphine-induced satisfaction. The symptom- the result or the side-effect- has been dubbed the appropriate scientific name, "the haha". "The haha", being an involuntary automatic neuro-reaction, does not ask the subject for permission before commencing. It simply does. This could offer an explanation in response to why the Brotherhood of the Fast Breaking could have such a rapid and everlasting expansion. The minds of the innocent that comes in contact with the message of the Brotherhood do not get a choice in the matter of reacting. It is involuntary, and so the moral and ethics of this phenomenon could tolerate a discussion. The discussion, in this instance, will be centered around the physical presence of the Brotherhood in the near vicinity of the innocent common people. With the ethics and morals of the Brotherhood of the Fast Breaking (i.e. "Fruk0stklubben") being up to interpretation for the individual themself, the presence of this association can be seen as damaging, going so far as being life-altering and mentally scarring. Thus, the presentation of a solution is seemingly fitting. As for a solution to the physical presence we consulted ⛧ e̵͌͛ĺ̷͆ơ̵̌ṅ̶͋ ̷͒͛m̴̫͘ũ̷̈s̸̅̊k̷̓̾ ⛥, a pioneer, philosopher, philanthropist and gamer. (The consulting of Ben -Shapiro- >>ψ s̷̡̾h̸͌́ā̵̕ṕ̴͝i̶̋̀r̷̄͌o̶͉̔ ⛥ is also worth mentioning, though it was mainly hypothetical) The generous offer he presented was to transport the afore-mentioned association as far away as currently humanly possible, namely the planet of Mars.